Welcome to Week 7!

Last week, we shifted gears and started looking at states of mind that are conducive to happiness, starting with mindfulness. If you didn't get a chance to try the three mindfulness practices, why not set some time aside this week?


That's one way to flow!
In Week 7, we continue our exploration of the Mental Habits of Happiness, including:

How to become more self-compassionate
What is "flow"?
Why you should set clear goals
Two new Happiness Practices...and more!
(If self-compassion is tricky for you, our course assistant Juliana Breines created a Self-Compassion Playlist that would make a good soundtrack for this week's curriculum. Enjoy!)

Mark your calendars: On Tuesday, November 3, at 9:00 am PST (5:00 pm UTC), GG101x will host our third live video Q&A with Emiliana Simon-Thomas and pioneering gratitude researcher Robert Emmons. Save the date!

GGSC t-shirt winners: We're giving away 20 t-shirts to GG101x students who completed the Week 6 problem sets before 9 am UTC this morning. If you won a prize, you'll hear from us by email tomorrow!

Go Happiness Teams! Inspire us! How have your meetings been? Please share updates, ideas, or photos from your Team here.

Course resources

Explore. The Greater Good Science Center (GGSC) at the University of California, Berkeley, produces The Science of Happiness. Sign up today to start receiving the GGSC's free "Greater Good" e-newsletter.
Get social. Join our GG101x group on Facebook.
Earn Continuing Education Credit. Are you a mental health professional in the United States? You can earn up to 16 Continuing Education Credit hours here.
Next Tuesday, we'll release Week 8: Gratitude. Stay tuned!

With Gratitude,

The Science of Happiness (GG101x) Team

P.S. If you found this email someplace other than your Inbox (e.g., your Spam or Promotions folder), please edit your email settings to direct messages from GG101x-no-reply@courseupdates.edx.org into your Inbox. In Gmail, for example, you can drag this email into your Inbox and then click Yes to get future emails from us--straight to your Inbox.

Image credit: "Hanging 18" by Frank Kovalchek from Anchorage, Alaska, USA